[Music]
okay guys so I am currently home we just
left for the past two hours to clean a
dental office drop my brother off and so
it's taking us a while to get back I am
planning to go out to eat with my
friends before we take pictures so it's
currently like 150 which means I have
only three hours to do myself and my
sister so the first thing I need to do
is I gotta shave my legs because I
haven't done that in a while and then I
also need to make sure I have like in
the tank top to go under my dress and
then some like spandex and stuff I've
already gone to homecoming before so
it's like I've already done this so I
keep thinking that everybody already
knows it but this is the my dress
it's from petal and pop which is like an
Australian dress company
[Music]
alligator see you later I'll be riding
shotgun
[Music]
please don't know me oh those days and
now you see me this is the look I did my
makeup I just did it like I usually do
just like orange tones um my eyelashes
for some reason look especially good
today which I'm not complaining about I
think I'm gonna have enough time to help
Alison completely do her hair and makeup
instead of just her makeup so that's
good and then I also need to make sure I
have everything ready with my dress
that's the next thing that's happening
I'm gonna do her hair and makeup and
then
[Music]
allison is like so much Tanner than me
and taller except she has heels on take
your heels off okay it doesn't look like
that bad compared okay so um I did her
hair and makeup here we'll show you so
that's her face I gave her these
earrings from brandy melville tomorrow
and then this is how her hair turned out
so we just french braided her hair and
then did this loop-d-loop thing which
looks super cool this is her dress it's
super pretty
it's from Amazon wow it looks it like
matches her skin tone too like this yeah
inside the lace this is what I hair
looks like I have these gold earrings on
for brandy melville my dress is from
petal and pup and then I'm thinking of
bringing my black high heels just in
case but I wore them to the last one and
I kind of hated them so I think I might
just wear these for the dance and hipper
pictures just just in case so so it's
4:30 and we have to be at the restaurant
in a half an hour so we'll probably
leave probably just soon and then after
that we go to pictures are you gonna
blog time not the entire time but like
some check out my clueless if you had
Spotify then you'd be able to tell them
to follow you yeah folder fruit is
hideous just how you call yourself a
free spirit a wild thing and you're
terrified somebody's gonna stick you in
a cage
maybe you're already in that page until
it yourself
[Music]
I